# XYZ-Ads-Airing-Analysis
Project Description: 
we are providing you with a dataset having different TV Airing Brands, their product, their category. Dataset includes the network through which Ads are airing,  types of network like Cable/ Broadcast and the show name also on which Ads got aired. You can also see the data of Dayparts, Time zone and the time & date at which Ads got aired. IT also includes other data like Pod Position (the lesser the valuable), duration for which Ads aired on screen, Equivalent sales &, total amount spent on the Ads aired. 

Business Understanding:
Advertising is a way of marketing your business in order to increase sales or make your audience aware of your products or services. Until a customer deals with you directly and actually buys your products or services, your advertising may help to form their first impressions of your business. Target audience for businesses could be local, regional, national or international or a mixture. So they use different ways for advertisement. Some of the types of advertisement are: Internet/online directories, Trade and technical press, Radio, Cinema, Outdoor advertising, National papers, magazines and TV. Advertising business is very competitive as a lot of players bid a lot of money in a single segment of business to target the same audience. Here comes the analytical skills of the company to target those audiences from those types of media platforms where they convert them to their customers at a low cost. 
